the conflict continues to polarize the
world in many places both anti-Semitism
and islamophobia have surged since the
Hamas attacks in October London has seen
regular marches in support of Israel and
Palestinians the W's b m reports on
efforts to overcome the
Divide Manan nonon is the son of a
vegetable farmer preparing salads for
his children in his kitchen in London
reminds him of home home that was a
wooden house in Israel in a small
Village near the Gaza Strip both his
parents were insided when it was
attacked on the 7th of October and
completely burned down what was murdered
here is is goes beyond my parents it's
it feels as if my childhood was murdered
that
day Meg non his wife and kids spent many
happy Summers with his parents there
where he grew up so there's uh almost
nothing left and both my parents really
loved working in the
garden immediately after his parents
were killed he and his siblings made a
PCT to not give in to hatred the horror
of that that's why he's here a divil in
central London together for Humanity
it's called Jews Muslims Christians and
non-believers ordinary londoners
standing side by side themselves fought
for peace to move forward we should
recognize the suffering and loss of
innocent lives on both
sides the activists here say they face
pressures to take sides and indeed they
might have different political views but
they all refuse to give in to
polarization it sounds naive at the
moment but moving forward towards some
kind of a piece uh piece more peaceful
situation uh it provides meaning more
than anything else everything else is
rather meaningless if we keep going
through this cycle we're going to come
back to the same result which is
destruction and death there's no other
alternative than to remind people that
we have to end this we have to find a
way to share the
space the candles here are lit for all
the victims not just for one
[Music]
side M non has impressed the most senior
cleric of the Church of England who
attends the
vigil where we swim against the stream
with forgiveness with looking for
building something rather than
destroying we can change other people
and he's caught that vision and he's a
most extraordinary extraordinary
man manen non says the Middle East
conflict can only be resolved by people
seeing each other's
Humanity